Rework Glossary (#2058)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/en.md

You can usually check to see the audio file's bit rate by checking the file properties of that file. Another way to check is whether or not [AiMod](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/AiMod) says that the audio file's bit rate is too big. If either appears to be true, this means that you will have to lower the bit rate. A few methods on re-encoding audio can be found at [Audio Editing](/wiki/Guides/Audio_Editing).

### BG

*Short for "background".*

Refers to the background image and/or video of a beatmap. Inside a beatmap folder, BG (sometimes stylized as *bg*) is usually the name for the background image.

### Blanket

A mapping term to describe when a slider covers the shape of another object. A guide to making them can be found [here](/wiki/Mapping_Techniques/Making_Good_Sliders#beat-blankets)

### BN

*Short for [Beatmap Nominator](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators).*

Used to refer to the group itself or one of its members.

### BPM

*Short for "beats per minute".*

Represents the number of whole beats in a minute.

> Higher BPM music may be associated with a higher [approach rate](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Song_Setup#approach-rate) value and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Higher-BPM music may be associated with a higher [approach rate](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Song_Setup#approach-rate) value and vice versa.
```

### BN

*Short for [Beatmap Nominator](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators).*

Used to refer to the group itself or one of its members.

### BPM

*Short for "beats per minute".*

Represents the number of whole beats in a minute.

Higher BPM music may be associated with a higher [approach rate](/wiki/approach_rate) value and vice versa.

### Break

A term used when a section of a beatmap has no objects. During this time, the drain in the life bar is temporarily halted. Breaks usually allow the player to rest their arm for a short while and reposition their input device.

Depending on the settings, when a break is initiated, letterboxes (the black horizontal bars on the top and bottom off the screen) may appear. In addition to this, a passing or failing graphic and sound will appear and play to indicate if the player is doing well or not, if there is enough time.

The use of break times in [osu!mania](/wiki/osu!mania) maps is heavily discouraged.

### BSS

*Short for [Beatmap Submission System](/wiki/Submission).*

> When a [creator](/wiki/creator) has finished mapping their [beatmapset](/wiki/beatmapset) and is ready to share their creation around the world, they must submit it using the BSS. When doing this, the BSS will automatically assign a forum thread and will generate a post with information about your beatmapset. The forum thread it generates will help you get feedback from modders and other players who play your map. Lastly, your beatmaps will be given a [beatmapID](/wiki/beatmapid) and can be commented on during replays; as well as a [beatmapSetID](/wiki/beatmapsetid).

Author: ```suggestion
When a [creator](#creator) has finished mapping their [beatmapset](#beatmapset) and is ready to share their creation around the world, they must submit it using the BSS. When doing this, the BSS will automatically assign a forum thread and will generate a post with information about your beatmapset. The forum thread it generates will help you get feedback from modders and other players who play your map. Lastly, your beatmaps will be given a [beatmapID](#beatmapid) and can be commented on during replays; as well as a [beatmapSetID](#beatmapsetid).
```

### M4M

*Short for "mod for mod".*

> A term describing when a modder agrees to mod another modder's map in return for a mod on their own map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A term describing when a modder agrees to mod another modder's beatmap in return for a mod on their own beatmap.
```

### Marathon

> A type of [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) that can only be approved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A type of [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) that can only be [approved](/wiki/Beatmaps#approved).
```

Marathon beatmaps are considered to be at least 6 minutes long and can only have one mapped difficulty. However, some marathon mapsets may contain a single [osu!taiko](/wiki/osu!taiko) variant as well.

> 

Reviewer 2: `Upon the creation of the marathon beatmap, one should name their beatmap version "Marathon" to bypass the [BSS](#bss) from preventing the pending status.`

### M4M

*Short for "mod for mod".*

A term describing when a modder agrees to mod another modder's beatmap in return for a mod on their own beatmap.

### Marathon

> A type of [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) that can only be [approved](/wiki/Beatmaps#approved).

Author: Uppercase `beatmaps` on suggestion.

> A type of [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) that can only be [approved](/wiki/Beatmaps#approved).

Reviewer 2: ok

### MAT

> **As of the 2013-04-23, all members of the MAT at that time were promoted as full members of the [BAT](/wiki/BAT), with the MAT team decommissioned.**

Reviewer 2: Not sure why this was written this way, it can probably be merged into the paragraph below.

*Short for "Modding Assistance Team".*

A group of users experienced in modding. MAT members were able to mark any beatmap they approve of with a bubble. This bubble would note that the beatmap as worthy of further consideration by the BAT.

### Mod Request

> A term used when a mapper is in need of help. This can be from fixing possible mistakes to requesting for [guest difficulties](#guest-difficulty). While, typically, the song is still playable, the only reason someone would scroll here is if (and only if) you know what you are (and will be) doing and willing to mod the map for them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A term used when a creator is in need of help. This can be from fixing possible mistakes to requesting for [guest difficulties](#guest-difficulty). While, typically, the song is still playable, the only reason someone would scroll here is if (and only if) you know what you are (and will be) doing and willing to mod the map for them.
```

> Keep in mind that the map or mapset may be incomplete, so be a considerate person and (if you had tried the map) tell them what is wrong with the mapper's map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the beatmap or beatmap may be incomplete, so be a considerate person and (if you had tried the beatmap) tell them what is wrong it.
```

### Modder

> A term given to a user that gives comments or suggestions on another [mapper's](/wiki/mapper) [maps](/wiki/maps) in the [forums](/wiki/forums). Doing so is called *[modding](/wiki/modding)*, and the posts are referred to as *mods*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A term given to a user that gives comments or suggestions on another [creator's](#creator) beatmaps in the forums. Doing so is called *[modding](/wiki/modding)*, and the posts are referred to as *mods*.
```

NC has two meanings:

> 1. short for *new combo*, a modding term to suggest that a beat needs to be the start of a new combo

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Short for *new combo*, a modding term to suggest that a beat needs to be the start of a new combo.
```

> 2. an abbreviation for the [Nightcore mod](/wiki/Nightcore), a variant of the [Double Time](/wiki/Double_Time) mod that increases the pitch of the music and adds a consistent bass drum beat to the music.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. an abbreviation for the [Nightcore mod](/wiki/Nightcore), a variant of the [Double Time](/wiki/Double_Time) mod that increases the pitch of the music and adds a consistent bass drum beat to the music.
```
```suggestion
2. An abbreviation for the [Nightcore mod](/wiki/Nightcore), a variant of the [Double Time mod](/wiki/Double_Time) but increases the pitch of the music and adds in a consistent bass drum beat to the music.
```

### NM

NM has two meanings:

> 1. short of *NoMod*, used to describe when a player does not enable any [game modifiers](/wiki/Game_Modifiers).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Short of *NoMod*, used to describe when a player does not enable any [game modifiers](/wiki/Game_Modifiers).
```

> 2. an abbreviation for Normal, used as [difficulty](/wiki/Difficulties) name for [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!mania) beatmaps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. An abbreviation for Normal, used as a [difficulty](/wiki/Difficulties) name for [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!mania) beatmaps.
```

> ### Nuke

Reviewer 2: ```
- Not following the basics of the guidelines.
  - Contains really bad timing
  - Has objects placed randomly on the grid and/or timeline but are also extremely challenging or unconventional beatmaps (e.g. consisting of a single spinner).

The warning icon that accompanies nuked beatmaps is the radioactive symbol (![radioactive icon](/wiki/shared/icon/nuke.gif)).
```

NC has two meanings:

1. Short for *new combo*, a modding term to suggest that a beat needs to be the start of a new combo.

> 2. An abbreviation for the [Nightcore mod](/wiki/Nightcore), a variant of the [Double Time mod](/wiki/Double_Time) but increases the pitch of the music and adds in a consistent bass drum beat to the music.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. An abbreviation for the [Nightcore mod](//wiki/Game_Modifiers#nightcore), a variant of the [Double Time mod](/wiki/Game_Modifiers#double-time) but increases the pitch of the music and adds in a consistent bass drum beat to the music.
```

### NM

NM has two meanings:

1. Short of *NoMod*, used to describe when a player does not enable any [game modifiers](/wiki/Game_Modifiers).
2. An abbreviation for Normal, used as a [difficulty](/wiki/Difficulties) name for [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!mania) beatmaps.

### Nuke

> 

Reviewer 2: For the line below
```
Any [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) that is considered to be disregarding the rules (or the mapper disregarding the [Code of Conduct](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria/Code_of_Conduct)) can be nuked. Nuked beatmaps are considered "closed" until significant changes are made and the status is manually removed by a member of the team.
```

### Offset

A period of time between the beginning of a beatmap's song file and the instant the first beat of the rhythm is heard, from which the position of the first beat is calculated. This is measured in milliseconds (ms).

> The offset is the first half of beatmap timing, where the other half is the [BPM](/wiki/bpm).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The offset is the first half of beatmap timing, where the other half is the [BPM](#bpm).
```

### Online Song Offset

An offset that is **already** applied to a beatmap after it was ranked.

> Adjusting your [local song offset](/wiki/local-song-offset) will only add more to this value.

Reviewer 2: This sentence can probably merge into the above one.

### Offset

A period of time between the beginning of a beatmap's song file and the instant the first beat of the rhythm is heard, from which the position of the first beat is calculated. This is measured in milliseconds (ms).

The offset is the first half of beatmap timing, where the other half is the [BPM](#bpm).

### Online Song Offset

An offset that is **already** applied to a beatmap after it was ranked.

> Adjusting your [local song offset](/wiki/local-song-offset) will only add more to this value.

Reviewer 2: strange, this link was written to use a redirect but had hyphens like an anchor link
```suggestion
Adjusting your [local song offset](#local-song-offset) will only add more to this value.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: `osu!—stylised with a lowercase "o"—has three meanings:`

> - The rhythm video game for the Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The rhythm video game.
```

If you don't like that then use this instead:
```suggestion
- The rhythm video game for the Microsoft Windows Operating System.
```

>   Spelled with a lowercase "o" and an exclamation mark at the end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
(delete this line)

- The game mode (unofficially called *osu!standard* to prevent ambiguity).
- An informal greeting in the Japanese language, resulting from condensing the phrase "Ohayo gozaimasu!" (Good morning!)
  - Pronounced with a silent u ("OSS").
  - Close English equivalents include "Yo!" or "Hey!".

>     To read more about its meaning in Japanese language and culture, see [Does anyone here speak/learn Japanese?](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/2686).

Reviewer 2: Merge this line with the one above

### Overmapping

A term used when the hit objects or placement of hit objects are placed in a way that makes the difficulty of the map contrast the actual song.

> This can be done by adding unnecessary jumps, slider speed-ups, or by mapping to an unknown beat in the music consistently (ie. adding notes on blue ticks when the song is only using red ticks), in order to add difficulty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be done by adding unnecessary jumps, slider speed-ups, or by mapping to an unknown beat in the music consistently (i.e. adding notes on blue ticks when the song is only using red ticks), in order to add difficulty.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: `This topic was discussed in an episode of [osu!talk](/wiki/osu!talk) ([osu!talk special Over Mapping](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RepSYE3hN3A)) that overmapping actually has a positive effect in [osu!taiko](/wiki/osu!taiko) beatmaps because the drums plays an important role in a song.`

```
- The completion of a [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) with or without the use of mods.
- The player having more than 50% health during a [break](#break).
  - An indicator will display if you passed the section.
```

Reviewer 2: for lines 619 to 621
```
- The completion of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) with or without the use of mods.
- The player having more than 50% health during a [break](#break).
  - An indicator will display if you passed the section.
```

### peppy

> The online alias of Dean Herbert, written with a lowercase `p`. He is the creator of the osu! project and its primary developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The online alias of Dean Herbert—stylised with a lowercase "p". He is the creator of the osu! project and its primary developer.
```

### Play Time

The total duration of a beatmap. This includes the lead-in time and the break time(s).

### pp

*Short for [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points).*

The main ranking metric of the game.

### puush

A screen capturing and file uploading application developed by peppy. puush is a successor of sorts to upppy which is commonly used to upload and share images in osu!

For more information about puush, see [puush / home](https://puush.me).

## Q

### QAT

*Short for [Quality Assurance Team](/wiki/People/Quality_Assurance_Team).*

Used to refer to the group itself or one of its members.

## R

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
1. Another word for a letter grade.
2. A player's standing in the online leaderboard (also known as "player ranking").
3. The verb "to rank". When someone seconds another moderator's nomination and include a submitted beatmap to the ranked beatmap list, making scores achieved by anyone playing it count towards each player's ranking.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: The line above can probably get removed.

### Ranking

Ranking, alternatively called *leaderboard*, is a list that sorts members of the osu! community according to certain criteria. This can also refer to one's position in such a list.

osu! currently has five rankings:

> - [PP](/wiki/pp) rankings: the ranking most commonly referred to, based on the player's pp.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [pp](#pp) rankings: the ranking most commonly referred to, based on the player's pp.
```

- Chart rankings: based on ranked score for beatmaps in a chart.

> - Score rankings: based on the player's ranked score.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Score rankings: based on the ranked score.
```

- Country rankings: based on the collective scores of players per country.

> - [Kudosu](/wiki/kudosu) rankings: based on the user's kudosu! count.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Kudosu](#kudosu) rankings: based on kudosu! count.
```

### Recalc

*Short for "Recalculate slider lengths".*

Recalc is a command under the `Timing` header of the editor screen.

> Usage of this is suggested after a [BPM](/wiki/bpm) change is made, if the beatmap already has sliders. This command will automatically adjust the length of every slider in the beatmap to the new BPM. If used, it is important, especially if a large change in BPM has been made, to check every slider and adjust its length manually, where necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usage of this is suggested after a [BPM](#bpm) change is made, if the beatmap already has sliders. This command will automatically adjust the length of every slider in the beatmap to the new BPM. If used, it is important, especially if a large change in BPM has been made, to check every slider and adjust its length manually, where necessary.
```

### Resnap

> A pair of commands under the `Timing` header of the [editor](/wiki/editor) screen. One of which applies to the entire [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) and the other to the current timing section (if the beatmap has only one timing section, both commands are the same).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A pair of commands under the `Timing` header of the [editor](/wiki/beatmap_editor) screen. One of which applies to the entire [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) and the other to the current timing section (if the beatmap has only one timing section, both commands are the same).
```

> Usage is suggested when there has been a change in offset and/or BPM, after objects have been placed. This command will automatically reposition all objects on the timeline so that they fall on the closest beat division your snap divisor allows. If used, it is important, especially if a large change in BPM and/or offset has been made, to check every object and adjust its position on the [timeline](/wiki/timeline) manually, where necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usage is suggested when there has been a change in offset and/or BPM, after objects have been placed. This command will automatically reposition all objects on the timeline so that they fall on the closest beat division your snap divisor allows. If used, it is important, especially if a large change in BPM and/or offset has been made, to check every object and adjust its position on the [timeline](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Timelines) manually, where necessary.
```

### Restricted Mode

> A state automatically applied to accounts that are suspected to breaking the [TOS](/legal/terms). Submitted scores of gameplay are not allowed publicly displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A state automatically applied to accounts that are suspected of breaking the [Terms of Service](/legal/terms). Submitted scores of gameplay will be hidden from the leaderboards.
```

> For more info, see [What is "restricted" mode, exactly?](/wiki/Help_Center#what-is-"restricted"-mode,-exactly?).

Reviewer 2: h4 has no id :( -- use #restriction instead
```suggestion
For more info, see [What is "restricted" mode, exactly?](/wiki/Help_Centre#restriction).
```

### Ranking

Ranking, alternatively called *leaderboard*, is a list that sorts members of the osu! community according to certain criteria. This can also refer to one's position in such a list.

osu! currently has five rankings:

- [pp](#pp) rankings: the ranking most commonly referred to, based on the player's pp.
- Chart rankings: based on ranked score for beatmaps in a chart.
- Score rankings: based on the ranked score.
- Country rankings: based on the collective scores of players per country.
- [Kudosu](#kudosu) rankings: based on kudosu! count.

### Recalc

*Short for "Recalculate slider lengths".*

Recalc is a command under the `Timing` header of the editor screen.

Usage of this is suggested after a [BPM](#bpm) change is made, if the beatmap already has sliders. This command will automatically adjust the length of every slider in the beatmap to the new BPM. If used, it is important, especially if a large change in BPM has been made, to check every slider and adjust its length manually, where necessary.

### Resnap

> A pair of commands under the `Timing` header of the [editor](/wiki/beatmap_editor) screen. One of which applies to the entire [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) and the other to the current timing section (if the beatmap has only one timing section, both commands are the same).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A pair of commands under the `Timing` header of the [editor](/wiki/beatmap_editor) screen. One of which applies to the entire [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) and the other to the current timing section (if the beatmap has only one timing section, both commands are the same).
```

### Silence

An action taken against an user who spams the [chat console](/wiki/chat_console). Silences will stack on top of each other, adding more time for each one.

Silences lasts for 4 weeks before being reset, along with the time that gets added.

### Skin

A set of graphics and custom sample sets (audio clips) that can replace the default ones used by osu!. This will allow for a more customised user experience. Most of what you see and hear in osu! can be skinned.

To see the dedicated sub-forum for skins, see [Skinning](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
A skinner refers to the user who releases downloadable skins on the forums.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
- In [osu!standard](/wiki/osu!standard):
  - Tapping the slider-start too early (this can cause the slider to shake).
  - Not collecting a slider tick (includes the hidden ones underneath the slider-start and slider-end).
  - Releasing the slider ball before it hits the slider-end.
    - This will not cause a miss, but instead will give the player a 100 with no combo increment.
- The case where the player does not obtain the max possible combo without missing an object.
```

Reviewer 2: this is for lines 743 to 748
```
- In [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!):
  - Tapping the slider-start too early (this can cause the slider to shake).
  - Not collecting a slider tick (includes the hidden ones underneath the slider-start and slider-end).
  - Releasing the slider ball before it hits the slider-end.
    - This will not cause a miss, but instead will give the player a 100 with no combo increment.
- The case where the player does not obtain the max possible combo without missing an object.
```

### Slider Tick

> A hit object that gives out 10 points. The amount of slider ticks used in a slider is dependent on the slider velocity, the [BPM](/wiki/bpm) and the inherited timing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A hit object that gives out 10 points. The amount of slider ticks used in a slider is dependent on the slider velocity, the [BPM](#bpm) and the inherited timing.
```

### Spectate

Spectate, or spec, is when someone watches another player playing a [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) in real time (with approx. 500ms delay). To spectate, open the extended chat and click on a grey user panel.

> For this to work, you will need to have a copy of the exact same beatmap the player you wish to spectate is playing. However, if you have an [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) tag, the beatmapset will be downloaded and uploaded for you.

Reviewer 2: I think `processed` might be a better term than `uploaded`?

### Spectator Aura

> A mysterious phenomenon that could cause players to [choke](/wiki/choke) their [combo](/wiki/combo), or fail a beatmap from having a spectator(s) spectate their gameplay.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A mysterious phenomenon that could cause players to [choke](#choke) their [combo](#combo), or fail a beatmap from having a spectator(s) spectate their gameplay.
```

### Slider Tick

A hit object that gives out 10 points. The amount of slider ticks used in a slider is dependent on the slider velocity, the [BPM](#bpm) and the inherited timing.

### Spectate

> Spectate, or spec, is when someone watches another player playing a [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) in real time (with approx. 500ms delay). To spectate, open the extended chat and click on a grey user panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spectate, or spec, is when someone watches another player playing a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) in real time (with approx. 500ms delay). To spectate, open the extended chat and click on a grey user panel.
```

   - A kudosu star can be given by any user to any beatmap, though shooting a kudosu star comes at the price of one kudosu.
   - The conversion rate was formerly three kudosu for one kudosu star that increased the Star Priority by two.
   - The higher the star priority, the higher the beatmap's thread appears in the Works in Progress or Pending subforum.
   - At least 12 star priority is needed for a beatmap to be bubbled or ranked.
2. A method in determining whether a Feature Request is wanted by the community.
   - The higher the star priority, the faster it gets noticed.
   - Users that have supporter status active when voting will shoot a pink star (![Kudosu](/wiki/shared/Kudos.png)) that increases Star Priority by 2 each, whilst a user without supporter will shoot a blue star (![Star](/wiki/shared/icon/star.gif)) that is worth only 1 each. Users may be able to shoot multiple stars depending on how many votes they have left.

### Star Rating

The visual representation of a beatmap's [difficulty](/wiki/Difficulties) version. This rating is (theoretically) between 0 and 10 stars based off of an algorithm.

> osu! currently uses two different algorithms to calculate star rating:

Reviewer: "uses two different algorithms" but then you say the second one isn't in use 🤔 this section doesn't seem very useful without any description of algorithms

   - Examples include adjustments in timing, incorrect beat spacing in some areas, or creating additional difficulty versions.
   - Beatmaps receiving a star are denoted by a star graphic next to their thread's title.
   - A star may be removed by another mod if the beatmap is thought to be in need of more improvements.

> 2. another term for "Star Rating"

Reviewer 2: Strange, point 1 was capitalised and full stopped, but the others weren't.
```suggestion
2. Another term for "Star Rating".
```

   - The symbol that represents the difficulty of a beatmap.

> 3. another term for "[Kudosu](/wiki/kudosu)"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Another term for "[Kudosu](#kudosu)".
```

>    - These are given to beatmap modders and can be used to raise a beatmap above others.

Reviewer 2: ```
4. Another term for "[Star Priority](#star-priority)".
```

   - Examples include adjustments in timing, incorrect beat spacing in some areas, or creating additional difficulty versions.
   - Beatmaps receiving a star are denoted by a star graphic next to their thread's title.
   - A star may be removed by another mod if the beatmap is thought to be in need of more improvements.
2. Another term for "Star Rating".
   - The symbol that represents the difficulty of a beatmap.
3. Another term for "[Kudosu](#kudosu)".
   - These are given to beatmap modders and can be used to raise a beatmap above others.

> 4. another term for "[Star Priority](/wiki/star_priority)"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Another term for "[Star Priority](#star-priority)".
```

Star priority has two meanings:

1. A method of helping Beatmap Nominators to find beatmaps worthy of bubbling and later ranking.
   - The star priority of a beatmap is determined by how many mod posts that have gained kudosu in the beatmap's thread, the sum of kudosu stars the map set has received.

>    - A kudosu star can be given by any user to any map, though shooting a kudosu star comes at the price of one kudosu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - A kudosu star can be given by any user to any beatmap, though shooting a kudosu star comes at the price of one kudosu.
```

>    - The conversion rate was formerly three kudosu for one kudosu star that increased the Star Priority by two.

Reviewer 2: ```
   - At least 12 star priority is needed for a beatmap to be bubbled or ranked.
```
sidenote: not sure if 12 SP to rank (or bubble) is still a thing and/or if bubbled is still a thing

   - The star priority of a beatmap is determined by how many mod posts that have gained kudosu in the beatmap's thread, the sum of kudosu stars the map set has received.
   - A kudosu star can be given by any user to any beatmap, though shooting a kudosu star comes at the price of one kudosu.
   - The conversion rate was formerly three kudosu for one kudosu star that increased the Star Priority by two.
   - The higher the star priority, the higher the beatmap's thread appears in the Works in Progress or Pending subforum.
   - At least 12 star priority is needed for a map to be bubbled or ranked.
2. A method in determining whether a Feature Request is wanted by the community.
   - The higher the star priority, the faster it gets noticed.
   - Users that have supporter status active when voting will shoot a pink star (![Kudosu](/wiki/shared/Kudos.png)) that increases Star Priority by 2 each, whilst a user without supporter will shoot a blue star (![Star](/wiki/shared/icon/star.gif)) that is worth only 1 each. Users may be able to shoot multiple stars depending on how many votes they have left.

### Star Rating

> The visual representation of a beatmap's [difficulty](/wiki/difficulty) version. This rating is (theoretically) between 0 and 10 stars based off of an algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The visual representation of a beatmap's [difficulty](/wiki/Difficulties) version. This rating is (theoretically) between 0 and 10 stars based off of an algorithm.
```

osu! currently uses two different algorithms to calculate star rating:

- peppy's algorithm
  - determined by using the bonus difficulty score multiplier and eyup's algorithm (use the difficulty tags are assigned)
- Echo's algorithm (not in use)

You can see a beatmap's difficulty when testing it in the editor. The star rating can be seen on the song selection screen or at its listing in the site.

### Storyboarder

> A storyboarder refers to the user who makes storyboards for their own or someone else's [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap). They may have used the editor's design section to [storyboard](/wiki/storyboard), used a third party application, or have done [storyboard scripting](/wiki/storyboard_scripting) (or SBS).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A storyboarder refers to the user who makes storyboards for their own or someone else's [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps). They may have used the editor's design section to [storyboard](/wiki/Storyboards), used a third party application, or have done [storyboard scripting](/wiki/storyboard_scripting) (or SBS).
```

   - The higher the star priority, the faster it gets noticed.
   - Users that have supporter status active when voting will shoot a pink star (![Kudosu](/wiki/shared/Kudos.png)) that increases Star Priority by 2 each, whilst a user without supporter will shoot a blue star (![Star](/wiki/shared/icon/star.gif)) that is worth only 1 each. Users may be able to shoot multiple stars depending on how many votes they have left.

> ### Star Rating

Reviewer 2: please update the redirect `difficulty_stars` to point it towards `Glossary#star-rating`

> 

Reviewer 2: for line 851
```
In [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!), tapping is a term that means "to press a button while the cursor is over a hit object". Tapping hit objects at the right moment, as indicated by the beatmap's music and the approach circle, is an essential part of osu! gameplay. There are a few different buttons one can use to tap:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
One of many reasons as to why your timing of a beatmap is important because osu! takes the given [BPM](#bpm) and offset to determine where the hit objects should go. If your timing is off, even by a little, then it is next to unrankable to map hit objects on the editor.
```

### Touchpad

A substitute for the computer mouse. Touchpads are most commonly found on laptop computers. The touchpad usually consists of a small rectangular area which one can drag one's finger to move the mouse cursor. Due to the way touchpads are designed, they do not work with a stylus or similar devices.

### Touchscreen

One of the input mediums used by the DS games that osu! is based on. osu! supports touchscreen functionality, but the hardware required is generally expensive for the average player. A computer whose entire screen functions as a touchscreen is called a Tablet PC. This is different than a tablet because a touchscreen has some kind of display while tablets do not.

### Touhosu!

*Feature Request forum thread: [Touhosu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/19307)*

A requested game mode that is the opposite of osu!catch. *Opposite* because instead of catching objects, you avoid them.

> The name *Touhosu!* is a combination of *Touhou* (the shoot 'em up/bullet hell games) and osu!.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The name *Touhosu!* is a combination of *[Touhou Project](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Touhou_Project)* (the shoot 'em up/bullet hell games) and osu!.
```

## U

### Universal Offset

The time delay between:

> - the object graphics and sample set sounds associated with them

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The object graphics and sample set sounds associated with them.
```

> - the point of the song where they should be heard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The point of the song where they should be heard.
```

### upppy

A fast and easy-to-use uploading service coded by peppy. If you want to share a file with the osu! community, forget about depositing it on Rapidshare, Megaupload, ImageShack, etc., just put it on upppy and everyone is happy! :)

For more information about upppy, see [upppy!](https://up.ppy.sh) **(NSFW: there may be a few stray images that may contain R-18 work)**.

> 

Reviewer 2: for lines between 914 and 918
```
- The specific [beatmap](/wiki/beatmap) of the [beatmapset](#beatmapset).
  - This term can be used in place of beatmap to prevent disambiguation.
- The version of a skin. (See [skin.ini](/wiki/Skinning/skin.ini#versions) for more details.)

  - however, creators are allowed to give custom names to the difficulty versions of their beatmaps
- the version of a skin
  - see [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning) for more details

> - the release date of your osu! client

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The release date of your osu! client.
```

> - the build release of your osu! client (Stable, Stable (Fallback), Beta, and Cutting Edge)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The build release of your osu! client (Stable, Stable (Fallback), Beta, and Cutting Edge).
```

## W

### WIP

*Short for "work in progress".*

There are various reasons to mark a beatmap as WIP:

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
WIP can be submitted through the [BSS](#bss) to the Beatmap Help [forum](/wiki/forum) to get comments, feedback, and help from mods and other users.
```

```
z/x are the default keys on the keyboard to [tap](#tap) in osu!, a very popular alternative to the left and right mouse buttons.
```
